Welcome back everyone you now know enough about pi and images in order to have an assessment.
This is just going to be a brief overview essentially just making sure that you understand a few of
the key concepts that it went over in the past few lectures.
Let's go ahead and open up the notebook.
It's called the NUM PI and image assessment.
And right after this we also will go over the solutions the assessment and the solution notebook.
It's up to you whatever approach you want to take.
You can either just take the assessment on your own and then check against the solutions lecture or
just treat the solutions lecture as a code along project.
OK I'm going to go over the assessment now.
All right.
So you can find the assessment underneath the non-pilot image basics folder.
It's called 0 3.
That's not pie image assessment and it's a notebook file.
So your task is to just complete these tasks in bold below.
And that's essentially assessment.
So you're going to need to import some pie and then you want to create a five by five array where every
number is a 10.
So you can see the expected result should look something like this.
Now remember we showed you how to create arrays of zeros energies of ones.
So if you have an arrays of 1 then you may be able to multiply it by a particular number in order to
achieve something like this.
So that's just a little hint for that.
The next task is to run the Sobol below here to create an array of random numbers and see if you can
figure out how it works.
So again just a quick review we actually showed this in the lecture but just to review if you can't
check the documentation here to understand what this line is actually doing and how it's actually working.
Then we want you to figure out what are the largest and smallest values in the array.
Then we want you to use PCL or Python imaging Library in that plot lib to read and display the puppy
image.
So we actually did that in the lecture which is a very quick review of a lot of the stuff we did in
the lecture and then finally we want to convert the image to an umpire array.
Again we showed that in the lectures so just to check if you remember how to do that.
And then the final task is to use slicing to set the red and green channels or the picture to 0 and
then use show from the public library in order to show the isolated blue channel.
So in the previous lecture we showed how to isolate the red channel.
Now we want you to isolate the blue channel.
It's going to be a very similar process.
So there should be a very straightforward assessment since it's basically just a repeat of a lot of
the commands we showed in the previous two lectures for future assessments are going to be a little
more creative and not be directly drawn from the lectures much but since this is essentially just a
warm up section of the course we want to take it easy for now.
So just a few questions you can always use the lecture note books for reference.
OK.
Coming up next we're going quickly over the solutions to this assessment.
We'll see you there.